5000 Units subcutaneous heparin TID. The last dose of heparin was 3 hours before the planned procedure.
5000 Units subcutaneous heparin TID. The last dose of heparin was 8 hours before the planned procedure.
10,000 Units subcutaneous heparin TID. The last dose of heparin was 3 hours before the planned procedure.
10,000 Units subcutaneous heparin TID. The last dose of heparin was 8 hours before the planned procedure.
IV heparin. The IV heparin was discontinued five hours before the planned procedure and the Anti-Xa assay was in the normal range.
IV heparin. The IV heparin was discontinued five hours before the planned procedure and the Anti-Xa assay was in the therapeutic range.
IV heparin. The IV heparin was discontinued two hours before the planned procedure and the Anti-Xa assay was in the normal range.
IV heparin. The IV heparin was discontinued two hours before the planned procedure and the Anti-Xa assay was in the therapeutic range.
prophylactic BID subcutaneous enoxaparin. The last dose of enoxaparin was 8 hours prior to the planned procedure.
prophylactic BID subcutaneous enoxaparin. The last dose of enoxaparin was 14 hours prior to the planned procedure.
therapeutic subcutaneous enoxaparin. The last dose of enoxaparin was 20 hours prior to the planned procedure.
therapeutic subcutaneous enoxaparin. The last dose of enoxaparin was 26 hours prior to the planned procedure.
prophylactic apixaban. The last dose of apixaban was 36 hours prior to the planned procedure.
prophylactic apixaban. The last dose of apixaban was 84 hours prior to the planned procedure.
warfarin. Warfarin was held for three days, and the INR immediately prior to the planned procedure is 1.1.
warfarin. Warfarin was held for three days, and the INR immediately prior to the planned procedure is 1.5.
warfarin. Warfarin was held for six days, and the INR immediately prior to the planned procedure is 1.1.
warfarin. Warfarin was held for six days, and the INR immediately prior to the planned procedure is 1.5.
aspirin. The last dose of aspirin was 1 hour prior to the planned procedure.
aspirin. The last dose of aspirin was 24 hours prior to the planned procedure.
dabigatran. The last dose of dabigatran was 48 hours prior to the planned procedure.
dabigatran. The last dose of dabigatran was 120 hours prior to the planned procedure.
rivaroxaban. The last dose of rivaroxaban was 48 hours prior to the planned procedure.
rivaroxaban. The last dose of rivaroxaban was 84 hours prior to the planned procedure.
clopidogrel. The last dose of clopidogrel was 4 days prior to the planned procedure.
clopidogrel. The last dose of clopidogrel was 8 days prior to the planned procedure.