A 50-year-old woman with a history of diabetes, atrial fibrillation, and ulcerative colitis presents for an open colectomy.  The surgical team is requesting epidural analgesia for postoperative pain control.  Her medications include metformin, acetaminophen, and
A 95-year-old woman with a history of dementia, osteoporosis, coronary artery disease, and mild renal disease presents following a fall from ground height and subsequent hip fracture. The surgical team is requesting spinal anesthesia as the primary anesthetic for the surgical procedure. Her medications include donepezil, aspirin, pravastatin, and
A 48-year-old man with a history of diabetes, hepatocarcinoma, and hepatitis C presents for an open hepatectomy. The surgical team is requesting epidural analgesia for postoperative pain control. His medications include aspirin, gingko, ibuprofen, and
A 23-year-old man presents with multiple rib fractures. The team caring for the patient is requesting epidural analgesia for pain control in the setting of multiple rib fractures. His medications include acetaminophen, gabapentin, oxycodone, and
A 43-year-old woman with a history of uterine fibroids and factor V Leiden presents for an abdominal hysterectomy. The surgical team is requesting epidural analgesia for postoperative pain control. Her medications include acetaminophen and
An 85-year-old man with a history of stroke, hypertension, diastolic heart failure, and obesity presents for an L3-4 lumbar laminectomy. The surgical team is requesting that a spinal anesthetic be administered for the procedure. His medications include metoprolol, clonidine, lisinopril, aspirin, and
A 67-year-old woman with a history of deep venous thrombosis presents for total knee arthroplasty. The surgical team is requesting spinal anesthesia as the primary anesthetic for the surgical procedure. Her medications include acetaminophen and
A 63-year-old man with a history of atrial fibrillation, obstructive sleep apnea, obesity, and gastroesophageal reflux disease presents for prostate brachytherapy and radioactive seed implant. The procedural team is requesting that an epidural be placed for periprocedural analgesia. His medications include verapamil and
A 32-year-old woman with a history of recurrent deep venous thrombosis presents for hip arthroscopy. The surgical team is requesting that a spinal anesthetic be utilized for the procedure. Her medications include
A 56-year-old woman with a history of anxiety, pulmonary embolism, and pancreatic cancer presents for pancreaticoduodenectomy. The surgical team is requesting that an epidural be placed to provide postoperative analgesia. Her medications include lorazepam and